.TH "ManaPlus" "6"
.SH "NAME"
manaplus \- ManaPlus: A 2D MMORPG client
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBmanaplus\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents the
\fBmanaplus\fR in-game
commands.
\fBmanaplus\fR is a great online game based upon the Seiken Densetsu Series.
It has its own universe and its own character management system which will
give you the opportunity to play in a 2D heroic-fantasy world forever.
.SH "BINARY PARAMETERS"
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-log\-file
Log file to use.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-chat\-log\-dir
Chat log directory to use.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of the program.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-config\-dir
Configuration directory to use.
.TP
.B \-U, \-\-username
Login with this username.
.TP
.B \-P, \-\-password
Login with this password.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-character
Login with this character.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-server
Login server name or IP.
.TP
.B \-y, \-\-server-type
Login server type.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-port
Login server port.
.TP
.B \-H, \-\-update\-host
Use this update host.
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-default
Choose default character server and character.
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-skip\-update
Skip the update process.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-data
Directory to load game data from.
.TP
.B \-L, \-\-localdata\-dir
Directory to use as local data directory.
.TP
.B     \-\-screenshot\-dir
Directory to store screenshots.
.TP
.B     \-\-safemode
Start game in safe mode.
.TP
.B     \-\-no-opengl
Disable OpenGL for this session.
.SH "COMMON KEYS"
.TP
.B Arrow Keys:
Move your character around.
.TP
.B Left Ctrl:
Make your character attack.
.TP
.B Key A:
Target nearest monster.
.TP
.B Key G:
Get items on the ground or in a chest.
.TP
.B Alt + 1...9:
Shows an emoticon above your character.
.TP
.B Alt + I:
Shows / Hide inventory window.
.TP
.B Alt + K:
Shows / Hide skills window.
.TP
.B Alt + E:
Shows / Hide equipment window.
.TP
.B Alt + C:
Shows configuration window.
.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was written by Patrick Matth\[:a]i <patrick.matthaei@web.de>
for the Mana project.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2 or any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
